The project has a home page which is the Home, where a custom Bootstrap template is rendered in some parts (own css for home button stylo, then more styles will be added). That template is in father.html, which is used in all the other pages of the blog as a base. Clicking on the different nav buttons, you can access Categories, Users, Posts and Comments, and see that they use the same theme but with its changing content in the middle which consists of a title and a paragraph before the footer. Those 5 buttons of which I speak, correspond to the 5 models that I created for my web in models.py (with their corresponding HTML to which they inherit) and they work since all the urls were added with their corresponding path in the url.py file. In addition there are 5 forms created, one for each model, which are created in the forms.py and are also rendered in the views.py file. To access these models (I do not create buttons, I did it as seen in class), you access them by typing in the console followed by the address that we get when we give python manage.py run server must be typed /MyBlog/ (here the name of the form that corresponds): these are, usersForm, CategoriesForm, postsForms and CommentsForms.

In any of these forms, the required data must be filled in (each form has its corresponding HTML) and this way the different users, categories, comments and posts are created. When you press submit in each form, the home page is rendered again but the entered data is loaded, in case it is not entered properly, we get the error message in red. We also have the MyBlog/userSearch page where we can search for users by their name, we fill in that field, hit submit and it brings us the result according to if a user with that name was loaded before. Use filter and not get to filter out everything that includes the entered characters. This userSearch renders the result according to the resultSearch HTML file (with that format) and it works thanks to the view included in views.py called Search which is the one that has the mentioned filter.

There are 2 ways to check the data loaded in the forms, one is through SQLite that opens the databases in our project and the other is through an admin. username: ariel_tutor 
password: Souto123

with this data you can enter to /admin and see the data loaded in the different models (according to what is entered in the forms). This user is created with staff permissions and only to view the different models.

I hope you could find the explanation usefull and easy to keep on. Thank you.

